nfl nfl 
supplemental supplemental 
draft draft drafts 
usfl usfl 
cfl cfl 
player players player 
wikipedia wikipedia 
free free 
encyclopedia encyclopedia 
jump jump 
navigation navigation 
search search 
general generals general 
information information 
date date 
june june 
location location 
new new 
york york 
city city 
overview overview 
total total 
selection selection selections 
round rounds round 
league league 
first first 
steve steve 
young young 
qb qb 
tampa tampa 
bay bay 
buccaneer buccaneers 
cleveland cleveland 
brown browns 
fewest fewest 
chicago chicago 
bear bears 
one one 
time time 
united united 
state states state 
football football 
canadian canadian 
held held 
spring spring 
content contents 
reason reason 
second second seconds 
third third 
team team teams 
hall hall 
famers famers 
reference references 
edit edit 
tuesday tuesday 
national national 
college college 
senior seniors 
already already 
signed signed 
either either 
attempt attempt 
head head 
bidding bidding 
war war 
rank rank ranks 
chose chose 
available available 
three three 
meeting meeting 
would would 
eligible eligible 
regular regular 
early early 
may may 
contract contract 
implemented implemented 
primarily primarily 
fledgling fledgling 
mind mind 
owner owners 
want want 
risk risk 
potentially potentially 
wasting wasting 
pick picks pick 
another another 
also also 
wanted wanted 
ensure ensure 
large large 
influx influx 
agent agent 
talent talent 
case case 
suddenly suddenly 
collapsed collapsed 
much much 
established established 
circuit circuit 
strict strict 
limit limits limit 
number number 
american american 
concern concern 
included included 
shield shield 
potential potential 
antitrust antitrust 
litigation litigation 
might might 
arisen arisen 
targeted targeted 
specific specific 
rival rival 
selected selected 
eight eight 
los los 
angeles angeles 
express expresses express 
something something 
le less 
juggernaut juggernaut 
record record 
finished finished 
season season 
lost lost 
semifinal semifinals 
playoff playoffs 
laden laden 
roster roster 
including including 
future future 
gary gary 
zimmerman zimmerman 
proved proved 
popular popular 
twenty twenty 
picked picked 
four four 
six six 
eleven eleven 
opening opening 
eventual eventual 
champ champs 
philadelphia philadelphia 
nine nine 
two two 
trade trade 
involving involving 
consummated consummated 
acquired acquired 
exchange exchange 
final final 
result result 
made made 
pro pro 
bowler bowler bowlers 
kevin kevin 
mack mack 
gerald gerald 
mcneil mcneil 
originally originally 
belonged belonged 
none none 
famer famer 
position position 
byu byu 
houston houston 
oiler oilers 
mike mike 
rozier rozier 
rb rb 
pittsburgh pittsburgh 
mauler maulers 
nebraska nebraska 
giant giants 
g g 
oregon oregon 
eagle eagles eagle 
reggie reggie 
white white 
de de 
memphis memphis 
showboat showboats 
tennessee tennessee 
kansa kansas 
chief chiefs 
mark mark 
adickes adickes 
ot ot 
baylor baylor 
san san 
diego diego 
charger chargers 
lee lee 
williams williams 
bethune bethune 
cookman cookman 
cincinnati cincinnati 
bengal bengals 
wayne wayne 
peace peace 
bandit bandits 
florida florida 
indianapolis indianapolis 
colt colts 
paul paul 
bergmann bergmann 
te te 
jacksonville jacksonville 
bull bulls 
ucla ucla 
atlanta atlanta 
falcon falcons 
joey joey 
jones jones 
wr wr 
birmingham birmingham 
stallion stallions 
alabama alabama 
jet jets 
ken ken 
hobart hobart 
denver denver 
gold gold 
idaho idaho 
fb fb 
clemson clemson 
green green 
packer packers 
buford buford 
jordan jordan 
orleans orleans 
breaker breakers 
mcneese mcneese 
minnesota minnesota 
viking vikings 
allanda allanda 
smith smith 
cb cb 
tcu tcu 
buffalo buffalo 
bill bill bills 
dwight dwight 
drane drane 
oklahoma oklahoma 
saint saints 
vaughan vaughan 
johnson johnson 
lb lb 
north north 
carolina carolina 
england england 
patriot patriots 
ricky ricky 
sander sanders 
gambler gamblers 
southwest southwest 
texas texas 
st st 
louis louis 
cardinal cardinals 
ruether ruether 
c c 
star stars 
virginia virginia 
tech tech 
bronco broncos 
freddie freddie 
gilbert gilbert 
jersey jersey 
georgia georgia 
detroit detroit 
lion lions 
alphonso alphonso 
outlaw outlaws 
nevada nevada 
reno reno 
ram rams 
william william 
fuller fuller 
seattle seattle 
seahawks seahawks 
gordon gordon 
hudson hudson 
steelers steelers 
duane duane 
gunn gunn 
indiana indiana 
francisco francisco 
er ers 
derrick derrick 
crawford crawford 
dallas dallas 
cowboy cowboys 
todd todd 
fowler fowler 
stephen stephen 
f f 
austin austin 
miami miami 
dolphin dolphins 
danny danny 
knight knight 
mississippi mississippi 
washington washington 
redskin redskins 
tony tony 
zendejas zendejas 
k k 
raider raiders 
christopher christopher 
wood woods 
edmonton edmonton 
eskimo eskimos 
auburn auburn 
maggs maggs 
tulane tulane 
nelson nelson 
james james 
robinson robinson 
dt dt 
daryl daryl 
goodlow goodlow 
arizona arizona 
lupe lupe 
sanchez sanchez 
wrangler wranglers 
montreal montreal 
concordes concordes 
michigan michigan 
arkansas arkansas 
albert albert 
bentley bentley 
panther panthers 
fla fla 
michael michael 
mcinnis mcinnis 
pine pine 
bluff bluff 
jim jim 
sandusky sandusky 
british british 
columbia columbia 
chuck chuck 
clanton clanton 
db db 
robert robert 
b b 
grambling grambling 
hart hart 
oakland oakland 
invader invaders 
lane lane 
mel mel 
gray gray 
purdue purdue 
eric eric 
derek derek 
kennard kennard 
rick rick 
massie massie 
calgary calgary 
stampeders stampeders 
kentucky kentucky 
george george 
jamison jamison 
southern southern 
illinois illinois 
seahwks seahwks 
alvin alvin 
powell powell 
winston winston 
salem salem 
tommy tommy 
robison robison 
joe joe 
conwell conwell 
tom tom 
dixon dixon 
dewey dewey 
forte forte 
malcolm malcolm 
moore moore 
usc usc 
clark clark 
madison madison 
stewart stewart 
hill hill 
alex alex 
lsu lsu 
lynn lynn 
madsen madsen 
kirby kirby 
warren warren 
pacific pacific 
thomas thomas 
carter carter 
garcia garcia 
ohio ohio 
clarence clarence 
collins collins 
dennis dennis 
woodberry woodberry 
turner turner 
gill gill 
kilkenny kilkenny 
blitz blitz 
temple temple 
byron byron 
saskatchewan saskatchewan 
roughrider roughriders 
california california 
david david 
howard howard 
long long 
beach beach 
corbin corbin 
dearden dearden 
vanderbilt vanderbilt 
walter walter 
lewis lewis 
doug doug 
west west 
john john 
sullivan sullivan 
tim tim 
riordan riordan 
hollie hollie 
smu smu 
byrne byrne 
nt nt 
wisconsin wisconsin 
lacrosse lacrosse 
frank frank 
seurer seurer 
bond bond 
phil phil 
boren boren 
schellen schellen 
jeff jeff 
spek spek 
duan duan 
hank hanks 
verdin verdin 
southwestern southwestern 
louisiana louisiana 
farr farr 
federal federals 
hamilton hamilton 
tiger tiger 
cat cats 
ottawa ottawa 
rough rough 
rider riders 
antonio antonio 
gunslinger gunslingers 
toronto toronto 
argonaut argonauts 
winnipeg winnipeg 
blue blue 
bomber bombers 
quarterback quarterback 
taken taken 
overall overall 
fame fame 
class class 
offensive offensive 
tackle tackle 
defensive defensive 
end end 
fourth fourth 
untouchable untouchables 
eugene eugene 
register register 
guard guard 
associated associated 
press press 
p p 
definite definite 
interest interest 
reading reading 
pennsylvania pennsylvania 
news news 
service services 
take take 
combined combined 
spokesman spokesman 
review review 
spokane spokane 
standing standings 
identified identified 
bowl bowl 
career career 
profootballhof profootballhof 
com com 
v v 
e e 
era era 
afl afl 
common common commons 
modern modern 
present present 
expansion expansion 
others others 
aafc aafc 
dispersal dispersal 
see see 
list list 
mr mr 
irrelevant irrelevant 
broadcaster broadcasters 
afc afc 
east east 
central central 
nfc nfc 
ny ny 
la la 
super super 
xix xix 
newpp newpp 
report report 
parsed parsed 
mw mw 
cached cached 
cache cache 
expiry expiry 
reduced reduced 
false false 
complication complications 
vary vary 
revision revision 
sha sha 
cpu cpu 
usage usage 
real real 
preprocessor preprocessor 
visited visited 
node node 
count count 
post post 
expand expand 
include include 
size size 
byte bytes 
template template 
argument argument 
highest highest 
depth depth 
expensive expensive 
parser parser 
function function 
unstrip unstrip 
recursion recursion 
lua lua 
memory memory 
wikibase wikibase 
entity entities 
loaded loaded 
transclusion transclusion 
m ms 
call calls 
cite cite 
navbox navbox 
infobox infobox 
sport sports 
nfly nfly 
succession succession 
link links link 
saved saved 
key key 
enwiki enwiki 
pcache pcache 
idhash idhash 
canonical canonical 
timestamp timestamp 
id id 
serialized serialized 
json json 
retrieved retrieved 
oldid oldid 
category categories 
menu menu 
nav nav 
personal personal 
portlet portlet 
vector vector 
user user 
legacy legacy 
aria aria 
labelledby labelledby 
label label 
role role 
tool tools 
logged logged 
talk talk 
contribution contributions 
create create 
account account 
log log 
namespaces namespaces 
tab tabs 
article article 
variant variants 
emptyportlet emptyportlet 
dropdown dropdown 
noicon noicon 
input input 
type type 
checkbox checkbox 
button button 
haspopup haspopup 
true true 
data data 
event event events 
name name 
ui ui 
english english 
view views view 
read read 
history history 
cactions cactions 
title title 
option options 
form form 
action action 
w w 
index index 
php php 
searchform searchform 
box box 
div div 
simplesearch simplesearch 
inner inner 
loc loc 
header header 
placeholder placeholder 
autocapitalize autocapitalize 
sentence sentences 
accesskey accesskey 
searchinput searchinput 
searchbutton searchbutton 
fallbacksearchbutton fallbacksearchbutton 
submit submit 
fulltext fulltext 
text text 
value value 
go go 
page page pages 
exact exact 
exists exists 
wiki wiki 
logo logo 
href href 
main main 
visit visit 
portal portal 
current current 
random random 
contact contact 
u us 
donate donate 
interaction interaction 
contribute contribute 
help help 
learn learn 
community community 
recent recent 
change changes 
upload upload 
file file 
tb tb 
related related 
special special 
permanent permanent 
wikidata wikidata 
item item 
coll coll 
print print 
export export 
download download 
pdf pdf 
printable printable 
version version 
lang lang 
language languages 
add add 
last last 
edited edited 
february february 
utc utc 
creative creative 
attribution attribution 
sharealike sharealike 
license license 
additional additional 
term terms 
apply apply 
using using 
site site 
agree agree 
use use 
privacy privacy 
policy policy 
registered registered 
trademark trademark 
wikimedia wikimedia 
foundation foundation 
inc inc 
non non 
profit profit 
organization organization 
disclaimer disclaimers 
mobile mobile 
developer developers 
statistic statistics 
cookie cookie 
statement statement 
